
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  vw  in 10days
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  honda  in 10days
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  mazda  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  bmw  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  zil  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  zil  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  vw  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  zil  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  vw  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  bmw  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  vw1  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto null in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto null in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  mazda  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  mazda  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  opel  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  vw  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  opel  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  bmw  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  bmw  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  zil  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  honda  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  bmw  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  zil  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  honda  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  vw1  in Main.orderCreator().days()days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  honda  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  bmw  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  mazda  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  vw1  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  zil  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  honda  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  mazda  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  opel  in 10days 
client: Ivan Ivanov is going to return auto  audi  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  vw2  in 10days 
client: Petr Petrov is going to return auto  bmw  in 10days